Improved information can come in the form of
accuracy and visibility.
Having improved information, such as accuracy
and visibility, can help logistics staff
plan for restocking of supplies.
Staff will have a better understanding of this
through working with the customers
in understanding their longterm requirements.
Knowing this information can help logistics staff
plan for restocking of supplies
and the correct amounts needed.
This also holds true for external suppliers
throughout the supply chain,
such as the Prime Vendor, MSPV-NG.
If facilities within your VISN or region
use large gowns and order a total of 5,000 cases per week,
the Prime Vendor may be able to stock this
at a cheaper price due to bulk purchasing.
As a result, these cost savings may be passed on
to the facilities and the pricing for the item.